# Fields

A Field is any class implementing the following methods:
Each of the arithmetic methods leaves the originals *unchanged* and returns a new field element holding the result

**Static Factory Methods for the identity elements**

- **zero**
- **one**

**To access elements**
- **set()**: set the current element to a new field element
- **clone()**: make an independent copy of the current field element

**The field arithmetic**
- **add()**
- **sub()**
- **mul()**
- **inv()**
- **div()**


**To Output Field Elements**

- **realEmbedding()** defines an embedding into the Real numbers, so that we can represent as a decimal, using floating 
  point operations, etc.

- **prettyPrint()** returns a string that displays the field element in an understandable way.  Useful for humans and 
  hashmaps!


### Implemented Fields

#### Reals

The real numbers extend Javascript's Number class.  This means one can use the standard operations + - * / on Real 
number objects, as well as our class methods .add() .sub() .mul() .div().
This is convenient because if we make an Vector3 of real numbers its fully compatible with our linear algebra 
classes that are defined for arbitrary fields, but it is *also* useable to anything that expects an array of 
floating point numbers (since Vector3 extends Array and Real extends Number).

#### Rational

Exact rational arithmetic is done using Javascript's BigInteger class.  The constructor takes a numerator and 
denominator, *new Rational(p,q)* represents p/q.  It automatically reduces to lowest terms, and casts single inputs as 
integers,
so *new Rational(p)* is 
interpreted with the 
default *q=1*.

#### Complex

A complex number is a pair of Javascript numbers (floats).  The constructor takes the real and imaginary part 
separately, *new Complex(1,2)* represents *1+2i*.


#### Heptagon Field

The heptagon field is generated by a=cos(pi/7), which is degree 3 over the rationals.  

## TODO: Create a base Field class to ensure consistency... maybe not?